Notes:

There are 98186 case codes. It is possible that in the future, non-billable codes may become billable, or vice-versa, so keeping all records is important. 
However, only billable rows should be used for the purpose of text embedding.

deepseek-r1-medical-cot is the only model capable of tool-calling.

Goal is to complete project and testing by Thursday.

Option 1:
Agentic

Agent is given access to either generate output or a SELECT-only SQL tool that allows the agent to search.
Agent is fed medical note, and told to use the tool to search the database and find the result.
Agent determines diagnosis
[Potential for debate-critic loop here]

Pros:
Agentic is the new hype thing?
Agent can match result to long description
No need to use vector embedding model
Shows agentic knowledge

Cons:
Takes more tokens, maybe
Need to secure PostgreSQL user agent and scope it to only read-only queries.
Potential for runaway autonomy

Option 2:
Vector Similarity search

AI model told to give a one sentence diagnosis.
Embed diagnosis.
Vector similar search.
Pick top result.
Debate-critic loop on whether the long description fits the case.

Pros:
Lower security issues
Semi-familiar with vector similarity
Could use a vector similarity search agent as a voter or a way to double-check the output (ambiguity means need to debate-critic?)

Cons:
May be seen as less technically complex
May not be useful if the embedding model is bad


Basic Goals:
Agentic search + Vector search

Stretch Goals:
Multiple model voting
Ask later if Terraform AWS deployment is allowed. (Data may be synthetically generated based off https://www.codeicd.org/guides/case-study-library/, but if it's real anonymised data, should not deploy system that is to tested on it on the cloud)

-----
output1.json is a prompt without mentioning ICD-10
output_icd10.json mentions ICD-10 as part of the prompt

Bringing in Gemma seems to cause trouble. Trying to use MedGemma?

One vector similarity search involved the use of bge-m3, a 1024-dim embedding model. 
But vector similarity search using this model was failing to rank Erysipelas and Erysipeloid
similarly despite having the same prefix. So, was thinking of switching to zembed-1.

The text "unspecified" was making text rank a lot worse during vector similarity search
